# medbook

Medical records for patients.

*TODO: update readme!*

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/medbook/medbook

## Usage

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build an uberjar (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    $ clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the uberjar in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it. The `ci` task will
still generate a minimal `pom.xml` as part of the `uber` task, unless you remove `version`
from `build.clj`.

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar target/medbook-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

If you remove `version` from `build.clj`, the uberjar will become `target/medbook-standalone.jar`.

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## TODO
- [ ] Test cljs with [re-frame-test](https://github.com/day8/re-frame-test)
- [ ] TailwindCSS.
- [ ] Validation form field on client side.
- [ ] Form library for re-frame.
- [ ] Cursor pagination.
- [ ] Collect logs and metrics.
- [ ] Serve static using CDN.

## License

Copyright © 2022 Andrey

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `deps-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
